you need remov I'd say we're in for a
bit of a treat here we've got something
a little bit different we've got Tex who
is playing piano in League here we're
going to cover three of piano's games
playing the Space Marines I always like
piano's Space Marines I think they are
his best faction the one he's most fluid
with and just has the the best macro
understanding of sorry piano
um I don't rate your arcs quite so
highly I don't know what to think of
Tex's arcs and nids these days he is
renowned for his Orcs Tex was originally
back in the day about 10 years ago known
as being a war boss man
so yeah we'll just have to see how he
does here he's going to be facing off
against the Tech Marine early on in this
first game he's not going to be playing
Orcs in all of them we're going to mix
it up a bit now ready going for a pretty
conventional build as far as I'm
concerned is TCH I
think well actually the problem is when
you play as the commander knob I
actually think that it opens up more
options for you a bit stupid really
walking into that engagement in an onfa
of fire between Scouts and
TX yeah oh dear
indeed he's going into Melo with the
Tech Marine here probably opened up
faren him when he's outside and that's a
good situation I think the Commando knob
doesn't more damage than the Tech Marine
in melee maybe they're on par looks like
honestly The Tech Marine is doing
[Music]
more yeah maybe it's just that
contributory fire from the rotating tax
well either way that is going to be the
commander knob having to get out of
there so you probably want the techie to
take that cap Scouts go
forward okay I'll just Retreat and heal
yeah fair enough
yeah so I think when you go KOB because
you have more range DPS initially the
kobs got 35 range DPS just like the Tech
Marine but he has shter range than the
Tech Marine however he has 100% fire on
the move which is amazing for chasing
down these Scouts if you f meley on them
when they try and run away you got 100%
far on the move and you can bleed them
quite easy it enables you to get away
with builds that only have one shooter
which is the War Boss you really cannot
do you will just never be able to
threaten anything that kites you Scouts
will be practically IM moral Tech Marine
likewise if he picks up bionics you're
screwed so yeah I'm curious to see why
he's decided to go with shooter boys and
what he's going to do with them he's
followed it up with looters which is
fine good defensive unit you guys
probably know my opinion by now though I
think stor boys are the best unit on the
ark roster and to not get stor boys I
think is a mistake no matter what hero
you're playing that said storb obviously
have better with a Mech boy or the War
Boss compared to the Commando knob
you've got the battery pack heals with a
Mech boy you've got the additional AV
potential of the mech Bo so missing out
on your loo in tier one isn't that big
of a deal if you're playing as the War
Boss you've got the yui Choppers and
you've got the ad boys globals to apply
to your stor boys which can assist
them I still think you probably want to
get stor boys though with your command
on knob because now we're going to see
ASM coming out from the Space Marines
and you've only got one Slugger boy
right now as a melee unit to deal with
them oneon-one even with their burners
if the ASM land the jump on the Sluggers
the Sluggers are going to lose you
really don't want to go for a melee War
gear upgrade on your commander all it's
so inefficient and then you become weak
to
Scouts you also don't scale very
well so this presents a problem now
compositionally I don't know how Tex is
going to handle these Asm
people always say don't go ASM if you're
playing Tech Marine but it's such a bad
it's a terrible comment you can
definitely go ASM as Tech Marine it
really doesn't matter there it's there's
so many things that the ASM provide the
AV utility in tier 2 with the
undodgeable melter bomb combine that
with your melter gun you just kill any
transport very easily and you haven't
even committed to a Las
Cannon the mobility the map
control the anti-melee
if you use the jump defensively not
offensively there's a lot of utility and
I think it's a great purchase here for
wolf wolf also has a fully upgraded
Scout squad over here going to be taking
out the powerpo good use of the
infiltration over this side on the
Sluggers which have picked up their
burners managed to force off one of the
scouts that
way and we're picking up big Shooters
and a shooter knob on one of these
shooter boys the other one is still
default both players have triple gens
let's have a look at the
economy Tech ahead because we've got the
mastercrafted Bolter on the
way so we'll see how the Tech Marine can
make use of this I have to be honest I
think the War gear is pretty
overrated
12525 it gives you about a 2 DPS
increase in your actual Bolter damage so
really the vast chunk of that okay three
DPS increase 35 to 37.927000
is coming from that high powered shot
that you seen there that instantly took
out one of those slers and with these
scouts over here this is going to be a
good engagement for the ASM this is the
problem that I'm saying you've only got
these Sluggers and they were buffed with
wre they had their burner upgrade and
they know they're getting wiped man if
there was another jump from the ASM
that'd be a wiped Slugger
Squad the ASM are a damn problem now
they can just jump the shooters temp can
take cover beat the commander knob
yeah and you know we lost zero models on
the Space Marines here and the arcs lost
quite a few two there on the shooters
was it four on the Sluggers in the end
or was there a fifth model killed four
or five quite a lot of bleed wolf is
ahead in the VPS but
economically Tex is ahead Tex can start
tier two any second now and to be
fair once the boys get their knob leader
in tier two they'll be able to contend
with these ASM A lot
better so we'll
see I'm hesitant to say that the arcs
have an advantage in T2 I'm not sure the
Space Marines certainly have lots of
things going for them in t two as well
Mark Target I find is a brutal War gear
against the
Orcs combine it with Stern guard and the
Hellfire rounds and Orcs will
melt denied his stun bombb there with a
little explosive shot but now there's no
explosive shot for the Sluggers but it
doesn't matter they're just going to get
the kill on the can I'm jump away yep
there we go and then the tech Marine is
going to bleed these Sluggers High shot
takes out one of them normal shots take
out another probably going to stay in
and try and kill a third and he does
another three models down for the Orcs
lot of bleed if we look at the XP
situation now we've already got a level
two Tech Marine nearly level two on this
upgraded Scout obviously not a lot of XP
on this other one is just running around
capping but in contrast look at the XP
on the Orcs very very low it's hard man
I
mean I don't like this build from TCH at
all it's gone for big Shooters over here
as well I really question what the
utility of the two big Shooters is right
now when you can't really kill
ASM and if the Scout with Sergeant is
against this big shooter on it so on the
Scout I
win not sure how much looter have done
either they're going to bleed him M now
grenade I whiffed it that could have
been a good grenade you know could have
got three of these guys
anyway it's not like he needs the
bleed routed them quite easily with a
high powerered shot but we've got a
truck so this could be where things turn
around now where are the Slugger boys
they are now fully
reinforcing going to get in the truck no
doubt and the question is is he going to
use that defensively over here or is he
going to push straight for the Gen Farm
gen Farm probably would be a mistake
looking at the economy of
piano very good economy creeping up to
the resources for a dreadnut I don't
know if he would go for that though
personally I would just go for
sternard get a dreadnut
later like having the tax Plus St guard
as a baseline alongside the Tech Marine
very very strong strong against
Orcs but it looks like piano's probably
going for the dreadn Sal can and
dreadnots good against
Orcs especially when you're the Tech
Marine you can't really do it as AO if
you're the Tech Marine you don't really
care cuz you got the melter gun for AV
against this truck and so he is going
for the dreadnut obviously T Marine also
has the global that can repair the
dreadnut bleed is brutal just constantly
bleeding models off him
everywhere so this is where called the
boys starts becoming quite relevant as a
global for the
Orcs things start to scale you want to
not fully reinforce these shooter boy
squads which is also ties into why I
would argue you don't want to fully
upgrade them in these kind of matchups I
actually wouldn't get the knob at all in
this match up life is good but then you
have problems with infilt Scouts onto
your looters but you just have to suck
it up to be honest wow wo has committed
to a missile launcher tactical Marine I
am surprised at
that I was going to say they need to get
into
melee that was bad play by
piano lost attack model pretty
unnecessarily there but the loot is
probably going to have to move up to
prevent the
cap so grabbing
a andr yet for the dreadn probably wants
to wait and see what the response is but
yeah tank Busters are going to get kind
of wrecked by an assault Cannon dreadnut
so you would need Busters plus looters
with the beam of
course and that is the value of the
dreadnut the stairs that seems
off I'm really shocked to see the
missile launcher it's such a heavy
commitment just kill a truck truck does
have the reinfor pling at least so it is
going to be relatively tanky it's got
the durability of a chimera
now but not the repair support that
Kimera has
though no melt
bombs TR and Texas is doing something
quite interesting here he is taking tier
three so he is opening himself up to a
big push right now with a walker onto
the Gen Farm which could be quite
devastating
but the primary AV unit the missile
launch attacks have been caught
out they're at the wrong part of the map
they're getting routed right now so they
are not in position vict to support a
dreadnut push onto the power
F yeah so Wolf's playing a little bit
too defensive right now wow he committed
to the last Dev too holy [__] that is
heavy missile launchers an azev as a
Tech Marine
really I wouldn't have done that I just
got the melter gun melter bombs and
stard and then going for the
dreadnut well this could be a problem
for
piano cuz now the Orcs been basically
given free R to go tier
three and look at the level of power for
Tech as well not that high if he lost
this gen Farm he'd be in a really bad
spot economically but of course he
didn't I think this is important now bad
spots
though we've got a bad spot here for
Tech in terms of VPS he does need to get
onto that but I'm sure he's aware of it
he's kind
of he's just basically stalling right
now to get the tech yeah and he's going
to go into a looted tank he has the
option now he's tier three of picking up
the rocket launcher and the Commando
knob which will be pretty good to help
take out that
dreadn you would expect that to come out
Sho was a little slow to retreat there
but only losing one
model Thunder enlightening at last AKA
melter
bombs on the
ASM dead now wow how have they not lost
a model Christ Almighty
oh he canceled the tank and went for a
knob Squad oh that's really
interesting I wonder why he decided to
do that man he spent a lot of time
building that tank as well so he's
delayed that knob Squad by quite a bit
and he is falling behind on VPS quite a
lot we've still got just a melee
dreadnut so the knob Squad is not going
to be amazing with a melee dreadnut
around if that dreadnut had already
upgraded into an assault Cannon I'd
understand this but I think the tank
first and then the OB Squad after would
have made more sense suppose he's wary
there is a crazy amount of Av right now
to be fair Mel bombs heavy melee dreadn
last Cannon and a missile launcher
tactical Space
Marine quite Brave here charging the war
shook forward but the melter bomb is
going to be the end of
it Mel bomb on rear armor
goodbye not sure what that player was
with the war to be honest TCH that was
uh questionable but the SL OBS will
absolutely butcher these injured
ASM oh the NOS were still in the truck
what what the I did not know
that man if they got out with the the
Sluggers that might have been a wiped
ASM Squad yeah maybe
not Commander knob just side
capping could be pursuing this thing
with a rocket launcher though that is
quite expensive you can afford it though
sure he wants the knob upgrades
first
but not really much support right now
for this
dreadn I think I might just take the
fight you
know yeah and piano gets Mark Target
which is great but he kind of whiffs it
like he's back targeted them but it it's
going to be worn off by the time the the
dreadn ever sees com with it bizarre and
he's just going to get onto the Gen Farm
what the heck hide the boys and the
Sluggers he's going to take out the tax
in the mid knobs are just going to be a
distraction kind effects distraction
knobs good finally we get the rocket
launcher on the K knob there you go is
that
frenzy not sure no I don't think so
they're taking loads of damage there's
frenzy breaks the suppression 75% damage
resistance not enough to save them like
they are
uh they are losing HP here getting
disrupted by the ASM which is level two
therefore rocking specials on them and
repairs from The Tech Marine and the
scouts are going to be a problem for the
OB Squad obviously you need the KOB
around to support them but they were
forced off by S
ASM oh but the slers just sneak in and
Butch of the scouts oh dear piano oh
dear should have seen that one coming
oh well there goes one of his repair
units pain boy now for
TCH help keep these guys in operation I
guess can do the surgery upgrade for
them as well which is pretty good plus
one speed is amazing for an OP Squad so
is the max
HP they're all percentage based Buffs I
believe well the HP and the Damage so
the HP is a lot better on OB Squad
damage is good in a stb
squad but speed is a flat buff of plus
one so it's good on pretty much anything
but especially
knobs cuz you only get one implant
upgrade but I'm sure he he's not even
that fuss about the implants probably
just wants the pinbo here for the heal
knobs do have a lot of Health per model
so you can spend a lot of time in Base
Healing with them if you don't have any
heals
an alternative that would have been
cheaper would have been some BR
orderly there something to
consider not as useful in combat I
suppose main problem for Tex right now
is he's down to 40 VPS and bleeding fast
he's going to retain control of the
natural so it would be a one to one cap
but Man piano's got 467 for Christ's
sake how the hell is Tech going to be
able to make that up he's going to need
a tank and that tank needs to keep
running down the sidelines distracting
the lazev then come M rotate use it
speed to take out this dreadnut piano
now has himself got to tier three and
looking at the resources soon we'll be
able to get
Terminators I mean not soon after he'll
be able to get land Raider Redeemer
which honestly given that he's got 465
VPS I might even consider land redeemer
is pretty damn good against knobs those
twin giant flamers it's got plus the
frag um assault which does knock back
knobs are not an immune to knock
back but yeah hide the boys right there
going to initiate with those hidden Lads
ooh just about to finish off the Laz
with a swing there but knocked over by
his NM special into an Emperor's Fist
from the dreadnut and that is a
venerable dreadnut Callin from The Tech
Marine that is not what I expected but
actually versing knobs that's uh pretty
damn good look at all the CC knobs are
just getting flung around I bet Tex
wishes he was a Mech by right now with a
super tough beam to grant that knockback
immunity but he's not he's a commander
knob maybe he doesn't wish it because
the commander is doing tremendous damage
from afar with that rocket launcher
tactical Marines trying to find him but
he's very very slippery thanks to that
infiltration can the knobs take out one
of the dreadnots they do indeed but will
they escape with their Liv that is the
question a heal from the pain Bo
probably is going to guarantee that
looks like they've got very little
Health but there's actually over 400 on
that lone knob model oh but the
venerable dreadn sweeps up the pain booy
in the grand finale of that fight
might have been an opportunity there to
try and stay in that fight and use C the
boys I'm not sure if he already used C
the boys if not that definitely was the
key engagement to use it in but I still
don't think he'd have been able to take
out the venerable dreadnut to be honest
looks like infiltrated Sluggers here
will get the pick up on the Tactical
Space Marines and that's going to be
nice of them will they also kill the
Tech Marine ASM jump probably saving
them sluger charging in with some speed
though thanks to swamp him very timely
swamp him activation going to keep the
Sluggers in play and they still got hied
the boys on them so they're going to
infiltrate rather than retreating
through the venerable dreadn one of the
shooters is on the VP in the center
going to get replaced by the commander
knob capping so that that shooter can go
to the Natural as Texas cited that lazev
trying to Decap his
natural yeah NOS Rota to the mid going
to get a c the boys aren't they here
yeah what a reinforcing to do Shooters
over here do Force off lazev wow is Tech
going to win this he's actually looking
like he's in an amazing position right
now the chip damage that's coming out
from the rocket launcher is going to be
so good against these
Walkers he's constantly having to Red
divert the melee units and even other
range units like the Tactical Marines uh
to melling the commander knob which is
not proving too great for piano and it's
bleeding him tremendously I think he's
in a really bad spot Lou tank coming out
next for techs and he just killed three
ASM models yeah yikes that is going to
be exceedingly
expensive to
reinforce the boys need
themselves wow I think Tex has actually
got the comeback
here let's see I mean piano's got a
ridiculous amount of power in the
bank he's also got a ridiculous amount
of time with 400
VPS so Tex is obviously going to leave
something guarding down here he did do
the little Eco trick there decided to go
for Vanguard so he didn't have to
reinforce all three of those ASM models
so that's pretty good he's still got a
lot of resources in the bank he could
get a predator out right now but he
doesn't want
it the land raid Redeemer would have
been strong he's got time for a land
Raider
Redeemer but I'm not sure what he's
going to be able to achieve with the
looted tank out it's going to die to one
more hit from the
from the looted tank is this last Cannon
but it's not firing there you go yeah
Shooters just finish him off did they
get oh now they don't have a Mel bomb I
forgot they're not ASM anymore they're
Vanguard so they don't have the melter
bomb oh that's not
good so the tank will stay in play piano
kind of just let his Lev wipe there
which is not good yeah another for sure
this is very
bad Mark Target just as The Dread goes
into melee this is a better instance for
it look how tanky these level two knobs
are so
tanky looted tank gets to contribute
don't think they've used frenzy yet
either have they is that Terminators
yeah W charging
through just trying to grab the the time
but that's futile yeah send the
Terminators after tank sure have we not
got oh yeah he's got no red for blessing
of the OM he just drained all of his red
calling in the terminators
we got a couple of model kills there on
the knobs maybe the Venable dreadn can
do it oh Emperor's fist came off cool
down as well yeah where is the KOB oh
the KOB is running up now getting tied
up and M by the
Terminators but the Terminators can't
deal with the tank and the KOB and the
kobs infiltrated anyway the knobs got
the the dreadn they didn't even need the
KOB
help right in my
crossair yeah and Terminators with the
lack of melee resistance getting diced
up by the boys with a big
shank and text makes the comeback what
the hell how did he do it I felt like
how a [__] talking text for most of the
tier
one and honestly yeah like his his
composition I don't think it was very
good I I have to question a lot of his
players but
somehow that big final engagement with
the two dreadnots just did not go in
piano's favor at all I kind of thought
it would have done I don't know if he
used blessings of the omnis in that
engagement
I don't think the venerable dreadnut was
a very good choice I mean it it just
made you so vulnerable to the looted
tank but you know sometimes guys you
live and die on the
meme and I guess that's what piano is
trying to do hope you enjoyed that one
we'll move on to another
game with text
imminently no wait it might not be with
Tex with piano it's probably not
Tex I don't know whatever peace top it
out all right so we do have TCH in the
second game as well but it is going to
be damos in the third
one Tex is going to be swapping to the
lior alpha right now and we got the Tech
Marine once again for
piano I guess
you replay the Heroes that
you lose with but you can't replay the
Heroes that you win
with so yeah he's going to be trying his
hand again with a Tech
Marine different map though calaris
Refinery I have to say I don't think
this is one of the best maps for
NS cuz it's quite it's a big map but
it's quite
headon so you walking into fire in line
sort of thing can be a bit awkward but
then again you can you can overwhelm the
opponent by just getting a load of melee
and running around the sides of the map
which is exactly what Tex is doing
because he's going for triple hogon so
Scouts are going to counter one of the
HS there we're going to need some nice
fast micro from piano in order to handle
the speed of the nids here the little
Zergling
Rush of the tyranus could be
problematic Nord coming up typical build
from both players Lor still running
around harassing being a pain in the
ass bit of a heavy rotation here to deal
with one homon but these guys are going
to have to retreat
[Music]
there is no glory in pointless defeat
but that's bad hasn't caught his natural
wreck hasn't caught his natural VP and
the hmas are just going everywhere to be
fair TCH did forego the naturals here to
try and put pressure on here but
encounter the scouts so he's only just
caping his natural now too but he's also
capturing piano's natural as
well which uh yeah this has created
quite a
strange start for the game
where piano has took the contested VP in
the middle before his own
natural dare he drop Jens no he didn't
which kind of makes sense when his main
combat units are so extended deep into
the Enemy Lines unable to protect his
own gen Farm my faith is my shield but
he should prioritize power points for
that
reason if he's not going to build
gens so I think he's making a bit of a
mistake here I don't know why he's going
for the wreck and not for the power
Point down this
side stall them with the Tech Marine
we'll be able to store for quite some
time here you can see only two models of
hogot are able to chop him so it's
actually a pretty good situation for
him since he doesn't do terrible melee
damage he will kill a couple of models
and he stalls for a long time probably
needs to get out of there soon
though is elor still in play yeah went
for the other Squad of Scouts did they
get a kill no surprisingly not
to to harmers definitely able to drop
some gens down now though needs to drop
them down as soon as he can when he gets
100 requisition should be dropping them
ASAP Asm on the way it's going to be
raveners for Tex and that is why you
don't go Devastators against this
build cuz the raveners would very
quickly negate any Devastators that you
got pretty late there on the Gen piano
come on Wicky
wakey they got enough for a second gen
this time
bit of pew pew there on the lior but
he's going to stay in play infiltrate
away ravs in the mid going to encounter
some
Scouts be a bad situation for those
Scouts T is hunting
them
yeah engage there you go ASM A they
missed the the knock back they do get
into melee but they missed the knock
back it's not ideal now they're isolated
with another Squad of hot moving in the
SM to jump the [__] out they
do unfortunately their base movement
speed is inferior to the tyranid so if
they don't get some support they're
going to be in trouble we've got a
bionics upgrade coming on the Tech
Marine that is not a good idea
piano looks like this ASM might die very
low on health they're going to get away
without losing a model but there are
homon on the Gen farm right now any ADR
gland upgrades coming in no because we
have a second rude on the field
a lot of bleed there for the first hmer
Squad bionic is in play so he's trying
to set up a situation where he can get a
WIP and retreat but he doesn't want to
commit too early because he's worried
he's going to get bionics but the bit
goes against piano there as the raveners
just DPS down the Tech Marine before he
can even get his little bionics play
off so pretty bad start for piano I've
got to say the pressure is on he lost a
generator in the end and lost his hero
which had a war gear upgrade he did
bleed a few horag guns for it but not
that many no raveners bled so not
great okay A bit of a bold borrow there
from the raveners they're probably going
to have to get out of there outnumbered
3 to one by Space Marines is not great
for a t it even if you had a big
fearsome
ravener anyone who's been playing Space
Marine 2 knows how scary those raveners
can
be to be fair nothing compared to the
Elixir but
still not being able to get his power up
for long enough to facilitate any Scout
upgrades which I'm sure
piano is not happy
about having shotguns against all this
melee would be a wonderful thing flamers
coming out for the attacks honestly not
a bad choice even as a weapon these hmas
are so numerous in models look at the
damage that the flamer does it's really
nice and then he's got his Tech Marine
stood in the middle unfortunately we've
got that very annoying UI bug in the
replays where we can't we don't see the
actual icons for the T Marine cuz he's
died but he is in there and he got a
nice bionic sweep on the hogon to hurt
them but unfortunately that's all that
happened he hurt them he didn't uh win
the game T has gone for triple raveners
I wonder if that's an OverWatch mistake
or intentional I mean he's got the the
foot the tyranid foot whatever yeah I
mean most of them have feet ravers don't
have feet but the other ones do have
feet them little tyranid insectoid feet
are on the gas right now and he's going
to try and finish piano off in tier one
I guess with Triple R
do we'll see be interesting to see how
Piana respon to him maybe he gets
another
tack or he just fully upgrades both his
Scouts he's lost his entire gen Farm
though and he's having his power n Decap
this is not
[Music]
good moving to cover
two Scouts
fall power point is decapped lucky
honestly not to lose a tactical Marine
there and I spoke too soon pop goes a
tactical Space
Marine oh my God look at the burst
damage from
raveners they are
terrifying and they borrow away what
annoying little shits like w spiders in
tier
one so annoying
PE and then the hon leap onto
you oh no piano loses an ASM model as
well
brutal truly truly brutal
stuff does have the
bionics but doesn't do quite as much
damage to the free model raveners hey it
works it got rid of them didn't want to
risk losing a model
TCH look at the map control man TCH owns
basically all the map m not even a
freaking power node for
piano somehow accumulated a 100 power I
mean I know he's not he's not spent much
I guess this game's just been going on
for ages even though it's in tier one I
wish we had an in-game timer that would
help a
lotar Tex is going to go tier two that
just shows you how good his map control
has been doesn't it and obviously the
pressure onto piano gen F the fact he's
got six units and he's going to tier two
first like God that's
bad bad for piano losing his
Scouts ah Pro special there did the lior
and it avoided the knock back from the
jump of the
ASM trying to go for the wipe there
piano which I mean he needed it didn't
he really he needs something to get back
in this game he's not too far behind on
VP surprisingly
triple
Ravena yeah so two of them Focus fire
while one B is on top of you to knock
you out
cover nasty nasty
stuff I mean an alternative to bionics
would have been the artificer armor and
put mines down there's no Warriors right
but if Tex did see him going for ariser
armor he probably wouldn't have gone for
triple raveners he'd probably gone for
double raveners into Warriors right it's
not like Warriors are terrible they
still give use synaps to all these units
so they get more damage
resistance you're not getting that from
your
Lia Texas tier 2 The Gem Farm is going
down once again for Wolf I think this
game's a wrap
boys I just seen that it was uh
relatively long I thought I'd cast it I
don't get to see a lot of pianos Space
Marines it's normally pretty good but uh
yeah I mean tyranids are tyranids right
this is what they do
if you make a couple of Mis plays in the
other game they punish you especially if
you're playing against a decent player
like TCH and he decides yeah I'm going
to I'm going to keep my foot on the gas
I'm going to get that third ravener
Squad six squads in tier one and he's
playing the map control really well
cycling these homot Around The Elixir is
busy all the time just slaying things
constantly capping the map just being a
pain piano did actually ner this power
point over here and that is one of the
problems that lior has he's not the
fastest Hero at destroying power Nords
not slowest either but he'd rather leave
that to the horon so that's what he's
going to do while he CS the
point but overall I'm not sure what
piano can do here I mean he is tier two
but the lack of power is the real
problem how far is he from a Razer back
let's have a look oh he's getting a
Razer back okay hey there is potential
he has potential he's getting a Razer
back this is the best unit in to that
you can get against the tyranids they
have serious weaknesses against
transport and the lior alpha of all the
heroes is the weakest against
transports so let's see if he can make
something of it maybe he
can you know a lot of people will ask me
why did the elite mod make that change
to zone fors why don't Zone fors snare
why do they not have some alternative
long range snare well you're kind of
seeing why right now every faction needs
a weakness and clearly tyranids are
extremely power in the early game one of
the weaknesses is that they struggle in
tier 2 to maintain that map control
dominance that they get in tier one
because the speed gets mitigated by
enemy transport play something that they
themselves tyranids struggle to mitigate
and that is all very
intentional there is no glory in
pointless but let's
see it's still going to be very
difficult to execute I mean piano is
just so drastically outnumbered in terms
of units
and just capping power
speed there is a Venom brood coming in
right now that's coming down from the
lior Alpha's Global bar so the ravener
need the uh the razor back needs some
support but this is where you keep the
ASM / Tech Marine nearby Tech Marine
with the power axe or the plasma gun
will be pretty good at deing with this
Venom
BR and then the ASM obviously can jump
on top of it which is pretty
good never like power anyway yeah I know
but he is he's kept this power though
which is is pretty good for him lost
this but he's chilling over here why is
T not took that out bit of a
misplay but yeah you can't get these
tools you know the plasma gun or the
Bounty CS cuz he doesn't have any
power and he's driving forward right
into the Venom brood right now I mean he
can disrupt the Venom brood for a little
bit with the ASM but can't afford the
sge who has the power melee sword
so he's probably not going to be able to
actually Force off the Venom brood
before his ASM get wrecked by all all of
this I don't like this feed DET tendal
in tier 2 TCH what I go for that
mate kind of
trash he got all three the gens with his
flame attacks
but I mean nids don't care that much
about the power that was a drop pod with
Stern guard what oh you just killed a
Venom brood model and got backlashed
there but the ASM need to get out of
there did the Venoms retreat they did
okay so there's nothing in play right
now to kill the Razer back other than
just endless hordes of Hants will The
Tech Marine make it out alive I believe
so I think the flesh hook went onto the
uh the
ASM the
alien so he remains in
play Alpha's got lone Hunter 40% more
damage and takes 25% less damage when
there's no Allied units
nearby so it makes him surprisingly
tanky actually surely he's going to kill
this guy why is this guy just standing
there what the [__] he didn't die though
wow flame attacks over here wipes out
the
homers yeah I guess the homers don't
have the adrenal maybe they did no
surely not GL hmer should Wipe Out the
attack right but they were level two I
don't know maybe they got some good
flamer shots in before they go into
melee and then they do win I'm not
sure but they wiped out the hus so now
there's only two hus
squads it's pretty good for
them he's opting for the refractor
shield first before getting the of the
plasma gun which I guess it's fine I
guess that's fine blessing of the omnos
charging forward with the ASM mer the
strike bang big chunky AOE damage on the
harmers there Ben and brood remaining
Play No models lost in the ASM though
Ripper
spawned their job is to tie up the stern
guard and
or to bite the Razer back and snare it
so that the Venom BRD can finish it off
Razer back now getting the reinforced
plate and I think the priority for me
would be the plasma gun or the bionic
axe I actually think the bionic axe
would be great to be
honest Hellfire rounds loaded in on the
St guard flame is really good against
rippers all of a sudden these raveners
are a lot less scary when you've got
tier 2 Space Marine ranged units Pew
peing them
I don't like that piano is so deep into
territory there wow what a beautiful
bionic strike there forcing me with a
Tech Marine onto the Venom brood drops
the smoke chilling absolutely chilling
get back in the razor back and
Retreat
yeah the is
gone ASM even coming down now
nice yeah homun getting
wrecked we got some tier 2 Space Marines
in play but triple raveners still that's
a lot of DPS man ASM need to retreat
what they're doing just Retreat dude
don't bleed CH cannot afford the bleed
right now you've got the Razer back
you've prevented the Decap so you really
not too concerned getting a ravener
model there is beautiful yeah let's get
the scouts up the side start claiming
that requisition T is going to be
bleeding calls down more rippers but
it's not really very helpful right now
to be honest
why is T borrowing for all the raveners
oh because he's calling in another Venom
BRD okay so piano is going to drive this
way but the Rippers have got a few bites
on the razor back so you can see it's
slowed down they do snare vehicles with
their
bikes so you got to be careful around
them this is where the bionic ax and the
Tech Marine will be lovely just well he
doesn't need to know that the units have
disengaged yeah we we are just kind of
feeding XP to the Space Marines here
with these
Rippers and they're going to advance
forward once
again we've got double Venom brood now
so Tech Marine needs to pick up a proper
weapon to deal with these Venom brds he
can kill them very fast from afar with a
plasma gun but at the risk of being
controlled by any melee or he can just
go bionics and charge into melee either
way either option is
legit and he forces off the double Venom
brdes quite easily re gets the units
inside the razor back drives away
flamers are coming out now along with
stern of Hellfire this is going to be
brutal and along with a frag grenade too
hot's getting absolutely
smashed lovely who needs power going for
a librarian okay I wouldn't I wouldn't
do that piano just pick up a plasma gun
of the axe right it's so good the
priority is as soon as you deal with the
Venom brud there's nothing to kill the
razor back then you're laughing you can
bleed the raveners and this bash
actually onto the tyranids earlier from
the flame attacks way back like 5
minutes ago was really impactful cuz
it's meant that Tex has not got the
power to go tier
three got his flame attacks caught out
there which is a bit annoying they're
very good for dealing with the Rippers
fast they also hurt the homers a
lot but that's fine you still got the
stone guard in play and they're the
things that really hurt the raveners
but double Venom BRD is still
here oh man imagine if he had the
axe T you just noticing nothing big
Smite
there and he ran out of energy so he
couldn't even use the
swing
whoops but yeah the libran is just going
to run into melee with one of the Venom
dude get the axe get the axxe like B
runs into one Venom brw Tech Marine runs
into the other ASM jump on top of the L
alha wherever he is and you focus the
lior where your razor back and your
Hellfire you're
laughing look at all these tyranids
flee Tex needs a tyrant
guard mix it up a bit get something that
isn't going to get killed by the heavy
ball to Res back
but obviously he should have had a tant
guard a very long time
ago he's kind of messing up his Eco
right now letting all of his gens get
bashed and bleeding quite a lot
actually I really wish piano would get
Bionic
a don't forget rippers aren't free
either you got to pay requisition to
spawn them
inro so it's a lot of requisition that's
gone down the drain here tier two for
Tech
taking a head on fight against this
composition of Space Marines is not
going to work very well and he loses
another ravener there to the Razer back
he doesn't have any synapse on these
raveners he had his Venoms all the way
over here so they're missing out on 20%
damage resistance which is kind of a big
deal and yeah he just gets chip off he
runs back the lior is now expose
oh snags the attack
sge oh has he got one death spitter he
does wow that's
Brave so I'll take all piano needs to do
now is focus on the Venom
Cannon
wow
another dead Venom mevel
Victory offer them no easy yeah they got
there too they got their upgrades
reinforc
turret guys look how low the VPS are
right now
rer back deals with
that it's not the best turret not going
to lie this could be ared a little
further this way so you had a bit more
room over here but it's suppressing the
Hors on this side which is quite funny
and there's a random Devastator that
piano has bought and put in the back
that is hilarious I didn't even realize
he would he got that that is going to
protect the turret that is brilliant and
that his game in favor of piano [__] yes
he made the com back well done good [__]
the power of the Razer back a well
piloted Razer back beautiful vexing me
that he doesn't have the axe or the
plasma gun but hey he didn't need it
this was cool to see and then of course
he would have had the veil of time
support on the librarian with the
Devastator to make it even
better freaking tarantula turret to
close out the game cuz the vp's got so
low yeah beautifully done wow how the
hell did he make it out of that one Al
feedat tendrils was an absolutely
bizarre choice for for
TCH T should have got a tant guard out
way
sooner you need the tant guard to draw
the fire because it doesn't
bleed and then you can follow up with
the Venom brood
afterwards and if the ASM commit deep to
try and kill your your Venom brood with
a jump the Tyrant guard is better
counter initiating them than Hants
because homag in
ti2 well their damage doesn't increase
so that's a problem but more importantly
the merciless strike does really good AE
damage to homot and punishes them and
homot just drop like flies once Attack
flamers start leveling up and you've got
Stern guard with Hellfire so that's
where obviously tant guard or geners
with a junal gland Warriors could be
good and it's part of the disadvantage
if you're playing the lior alpha of
going for triple raveners you don't have
any Warriors so until you get your Venom
brood for synapse you're in trouble and
if your Venom brood get F fed off with
some Focus fire you've now left your
armor without any synaps so you are
quite vulnerable anyway you see it play
out in front of you I don't need to
lecture you on that there you go a W for
piano and we'll move on to game three
watching piano Space Marines top it
out so I had a bit of a [__] up
and I started casting the third game
with piano as the Space Marines and then
I had Discord sounds going constantly so
I hit my hotkey to mute my microphone
went to turn them
off came back
in and forgot that I had my microphone
muted and cast an entire game a
wonderful Space Marine mirror
with my microphone muted so I no longer
have the heart to do that again and I
would have lost the authenticity so
we're actually going to be watching
piano playing as the Warlock here versus
Tex's Mech boy I love this me boy skin
and tex going with the double Sluggers
which is yeah pretty decent against
Eldar I suppose with the the mech
booy I love playing as the arcs in this
matchup I think the arcs have got a
really strong match up against
elar shuriken zilon can be tricky and
given that we've only got one Guardian
here it's going to be
probably double shuriken from piano we
might see some ulator action ulator
seems pretty amazing to be honest
against arcs it's still such a decent
melee weapon but then when you're in
green cover you can really bleed the
shooters especially if they don't go for
the the shooter knob which you generally
don't want to get because of the level
of invest that
Rees
boss things get a lot easier in tier two
as the arc as you get well in terms of
dealing with shurikens you also get the
Lovely scaling on your melee unit so
banshees aren't as scary but on the
other
hand you have to worry about water
spiders which can be quite a
problem now first sh's coming out this
is pretty weird to see double Shooters
double Sluggers that is not normal on
them quite curious to see how that goes
I wouldn't like to do that really I
don't think with the Mech boy I suppose
at least the mech boy has the
teleportation to innately counter an
isolated shuriken but it's still going
to struggle if the shuriken has support
nearby it's not like a Mech boy
teleporting in and forcing melee
actually forces off a shuriken it just
stops IT shooting so if they can kill
the Meb relatively quickly backpedal
with a shuriken then it just resets up
and you still can't push against it I
would have thought that this build would
be better with the War Boss but then
again I'm just a fan of storm boys I'd
always go stor boys the isolat shurik in
here is not going to be very useful he
could have kept pushing he's even got
burners so he could have forced them out
out of the
building I don't think you seen the
shrien but
justes we got it B we got it what do you
want with me now this I find
weird if you're against a Mech boy so
does he know that there's four units he
does cuz he's seen two Sluggers at the
start so he can see there's four units
here if you've only got a single
shuriken it's easy for him to teleport
in and tie up in melee and then the
double Sluggers can sort of charge in if
you had another shuriken suppress sort
of layered that wouldn't be as effective
now obviously these ranges are cheaper
than a
shuriken so it gives you something for
map
control but yeah you're very vulnerable
right now to the by teleporting in
double big Shooters double burn already
so that indicates to me that Tex doesn't
want any tier 1.5 we're not going to see
any stor Bo which is a travesty if you
ask
me warlock just side capping with his
Destructor he easily able to handle any
isolated orc Squad in tier
one see how the make by fairs here
against these
Guardians yeah banshee's going to come
support could take the Garrison be
annoying
he's just going to retreat out with does
have a lot of HP and looks like the
shooters managed to flank here with the
shuriken and the Rangers I'm not sure
how you would have expected that the
Rangers with a really long line of sight
would have enabled the shuriken to see
the shootter positioning especially
because there's no knobs here so these
guys infiltrating wouldn't be getting
shot strange this is a really bad
engagement for the Banshees I don't
think he even needed to W there with the
double big Shooters though those
banshees had absolutely no
chance they do have aspect
but you know we've got burners on the
Sluggers so that's more HP and the
burners themselves actually do pretty
good damage against banshees banshees
don't have fire resists but yeah caught
out there walk to the shuriken pretty
poor micro from Tex's
behalf warlock once again going to deal
with these Sluggers he's not got full HP
though now he's got ranges coming in
though and he lands a perfect Destructor
so he'll be fine on G take no battery
pack heal that would be nice right now
to mitigate all that AOE damage from the
destructor would have been all right if
the Rangers weren't contributing there
but it's a bit too much probably going
to go into melee there with the Mech
boy
mhm oh the me boy teleports into hoing
banshees bad spot for him he's got to
retreat out
so yeah I
mean Tex is in this without any tier 1.5
which is pretty good for him I suppose
double Sluggers is going to be very
strong in tier
two they're technically stronger than
stor Boys in terms of
HP with the burners and their Slugger
knob in tier two but they don't do the
same power melee
DPS was better than stor OB as a
combatant though but you lack the jump
which is kind of huge one of the best
things about stor boys is the stun on
landing and the fact that with bomber
boys upgrade they get really good jump
range so the mobility is just crazy and
you kind of need the Jump Plus the
bomber Boys in order to control War
spiders which otherwise are just an
absolute pain in the ass for Orcs to
deal with since arcs don't get access to
any heavy infantry until tier three you
really just bully them with the w
spiders which do crazy high damage to
light Infantry
a bit of a scary position for the
Warlock yeah couldn't stay any longer
they're not going to be able to get the
B MC boy scorting the Sluggers here is
going to mitigate the shuriken but need
to react quickly to it or you will be
bleeding
Sluggers there we go y ties him up
Slugger knob sorry shooter knob is in
play here and that is pretty punishing
for the Rangers and the
Guardians it's pretty good in melee is
to shoot a
knob what we got a turret a Mech turret
wow the big push I love
it takes a very long time to build this
turret but the whole point is now that
the shuriken can't just come up and set
up and tie these things up can't
suppress the turret and it would do good
damage to the shuriken now that's why
obviously piano is relocated to the
bottom but it only takes a certain
amount of time to get the job done
here oh I feel like those Sluggers could
have just took the fight against the
Banshees there with the OverWatch fire
of the um
Shooters double Shooters in play finish
off the G
bash love
it and he's tier two now so he'll be
able to scrap that turret
El but just thieves this is really
interesting isn't it so t has just
landed tier two and he's prioritizing
the shooter knob leader of a slugger
knobs or a vehicle which I find very
odd one of our turrets is losing their
PES me okay banshe just get onto the
turret I don't think he can salvage it
in time I guess I don't know oh he did
yeah salvaged so he gets half the money
back nice good play nice use of the
turret there
yeah he got all three gens in the end
that's great really delaying piano now
piano did Bank up enough resources to
get the Falcon
out so he wasn't that fast TCH on The
Bash but this prevents him being able to
get another Squad out you know we don't
have any
the well I don't know if we have a
warlock yet but we don't have the bansi
ex AR and we don't have any resources
for spiders for a long time so it slows
down the build which is really nice yep
no uh oh we do yeah we do have the
Warlock already
okay yeah pretty great upgrade to be
honest the passive damage resistance and
a pretty juicy amount of HP on him for a
relatively cheap cost is really nice
when you're fighting Mech boy and double
Shooters just makes your Guardians so
much more tanky not sure about these
Rangers if I'm being
honest I don't think they've been very
good
they shooting our building they'll
detect the mines though the problem is
the mines are just a a micro chore
really to destroy since he throws out
such a big cluster we got to
individually micr St to do something
with it weird Bo is the choice if for
Tech going to get forc off of course
there doesn't want to be isolated but
yeah bit late on the Slugger knob he's
uh he's going to save the day though wow
nly wipes in fact that was obviously the
play I'm underestimating the DPS coming
in from the shooters here quite
dramatically bloody hell they nearly
wiped the squad in Retreat 5 HP
Jesus wow that was
lucky did have the red for the start
field don't remember if the start Field
Works on Retreat or not I feel like
it it it should reduce the damage by
whatever the figure
is I can't even remember what the start
field is now is it 50% damage resistance
against ringed so I think the 30% that
you normally take should turn into
15% I think that's how it should
work but I'm not sure some anyway we'll
have to see what the weird boy can do
here the weird boy is a good tool to
fight W spiders it forces them to
teleport and it stops them being able to
hug cover and if they're not hugging
cover you can DPS them down with
Shooters so what you do is the elar is
you send things in like the Falcon to
bait the weird by shot and eat it and
then you can just repair it off and then
the W spiders can move in while the
weird bu shot is on cool
down this is where the next PCH just
being an N attack could be effective as
well she would lead the charge with a
leap onto the weird boy as the banshe
move in then the W spiders teleport in
and mince the Sluggers but it's still
not great if you're getting hit in the
back mines by these guys and a lot of
Mines coming out right now Rangers
running around with a single
model like he's detected these mines
ages ago but he isn't doing the micro CH
of destroying them piano's micro
obviously quite
limited yeah you can see here when they
don't have the cover they're not in a
very good situation here and they just
teleported into mines which is not ideal
lucky to not lose any models though what
hell
had have gone for an attack ground and
retreat with a weird boy there I cannot
believe they got out without losing a
model holy hell if he had a a gate in
the base he'd be able to heal these a
lot faster but he doesn't have any
webway Gates where's his red
gone he hasn't built any gears he must
have used Swift movement over
here why did he use Swift movement he
hasn't killed anything has he no now we
see a pain boy tled out this is a weird
build from Tech I would have gone a
vehicle even just
uh well I mean he doesn't even have any
proper AV yet what is going on okay yeah
he has the be me on the the mech yeah
this is why the mech's so good man
having such really serious tat AV on
your hero is so powerful the war boss
and Commander knob in comparison just
feel limp against
transports you kind of need to go truck
Busters plus War truck or you sacrifice
your Mobility if you go for beamy
looters obviously this is a beamy death
gun but he can teleport unlike
looters and also if he catches this
Falcon with a mine and snares it it's
going to be in a very bad situation cuz
then it's going to be easy to hit with a
weird boy as well and these two can take
out the Falcon pretty easily if it gets
hit by one of these mines so Pi need to
sort of hurry up with clearing the mines
he still has the Rangers what are they
they're capping down bottom yeah so
they're not even with the Falcon which I
find really odd I don't get
it [__] Mech shot of the W spiders
not the Falcon that was
stupid and the first model they lost was
the Exar brilliant absolutely
brilliant which bled Kus yeah that's
fair enough
that was a bad aerial slash already
knocked him away with his leap but going
for that just means the Sluggers even
with a knob can't really contest the
Warlock on the sidelines they would have
to have the pain boy nearby to mitigate
the eoe AOE
damage but piano's doubled down and got
a ra Lord which makes sense because T is
not getting any serious AV here painboy
can't do any AV weird boy is not very
good AV this is obviously serious AV but
it's only one
tool first two of these vehicles is
going to be quite awkward the weird boys
all right against the fulcon cuz it's a
bigger Target and you can get rear armor
hits less good against the re
Lord
us what is piano doing here can teleport
forward don't teleport all
right if he teleported forward he would
have got that beautiful hit by the weird
boy there the left
Rangers still running around one
model sure can reinforcing through the
shooter damage was banshee's
flank feels like it's quite a lot of
unnecessary damage really M's here uh
proving pretty awkward for the
Banshees yeah the M got a few hits there
on the RL who's going to pull back
scared by the mines obviously there is a
risk of this turning into a beamy looter
as well M mines get ched out as the
wallet gets into melee here with a
Mech we got a nice rotation from the
Sluggers here just zoning the Falcon
they will do damage against it in melee
but obviously it just drives away but
that's the point they don't lose models
whilst they're under the heal of the
time of the pain booy I really don't
like this Ranger player from
piano I think to make it effective You'
got to have really good micro and he
doesn't he's too
slow and these mines have been a bit of
a pain in the ass for
him but and he has Rangers to deal with
them but they're just not they're never
with a falcon which is leaving them
vulnerable and right now a problem with
his build is he's gone for two vehicles
but he's only got one Guardian Squad so
the repair support for these vehicles is
really lacking where are the Guardians
yeah they're going to start repairing
this R FL but I think he needs to get
the shurik in Cannon on the ra FL and
put it in range
stance what would you get as TCH would
you get a basic death dread would you
get a
truck the truck from ability could be
pretty nice just a default truck
obviously the Falcon could try and hunt
it but that's uh probably going to lead
to the death of the Falcon with all
these mines going
around not sure why these looters aren't
yet
equipped with a beam
me yeah he used his energy on the warp
throw which was pretty pretty pointless
to be honest then he had no energy for
aerial slash against the Sluggers and so
he got wrecked B's running in without
their xack so they don't have the tier
two damage resistance against range so
they get melted by these shooters which
are now level three and level three
obviously they had a big wab off there
with lots of boys around to W and the
death guns were contributing quite a lot
of damage in the back lines which is
quite funny to see the utility of the
suppression team back tech this better
be worth
while and honestly what has this ra done
it's just kind of standing around which
is precisely why I said get the Shing
Cannon then you can put the ra l in
range
stance and it would actually contribute
quite a lot leeding the Orcs from afar
beautiful Weir by hit again piano needs
to stop blobbing his
units letting the Shen and the W spiders
get get hit by a weird boy is pretty bad
and again micro teleport your wat
spiders away when you see the weird boy
ball coming in but it's obviously not
paying attention we did have things
going on down bottom with the r flood
engaging the Sluggers but you know
there's nothing the Sluggers can do
against the r flood so that's an air
move situation and get out of there two
model banshe is going to try and cap top
can the L see them no I'm going to say
it seemed like they were far away it's
the thing with setup teams they've got
very bad sight range so even though he's
clearly in range they can't actually see
the
Banshees I'm
here yeah this has been a sloppy game
from piano Tex is now tier three Tex is
ahead in VPS ahead in Tech still no
shuen cannon on the ri
FL I mean I was going to say Piana could
have gone tier three he's clearly
waiting for something and he wants
another R
apparently but H mobs will be a problem
a big problem
actually battery pack is already in play
you get the super tough beam so they get
knock back immunity and the special
attacks on the r FL will not do knock
back to him any you knock should be in a
pretty good
spot us W SP is getting hit way too
often by the weird B man they shouldn't
be getting hit by
him they have that teleport to dodge his
shots for the reason but that that's the
whole point the weird boys meant to bait
out the teleport with his Basics so then
Shooters can kill the the wat spiders
when they are not in
cover now an
autac wait did he get the rif Lord
points left no he canceled
it yeah for the
AAR who just leapt right into the death
guns oh the Wallock in there [__]
hell I couldn't even see him thanks to
the replay bug I'm moving his UI after
he's
died on okay I'm going to say I was
expecting the beam to just kill the
Falcon there but the wock was in there
to
disrupt not sure why the fcon so far
forward
probably I mean look this should have
the shuriken and being Range s and this
thing should just go bottom right now
guard that
VP again warp spiders are in melee okay
warp spiders just got killed in melee by
Sluggers
yeah yeah uh XD indeed piano's micro is
nonexistant
here well it's just one of those days I
guess stick to space Marin you don't
need to micro them the irony is that
really you don't need to micro very much
with alar either at the moment I say you
need to micro far more with orx but
there you go that will finish our little
Trio of piano games hope you enjoy that
one FK and that is going to be the
return as well the returning video so do
leave comments down below because we
need to get boosted in the algorithm so
that we return with a bang top it
signing out
[Music]
a